Metadata structure simple (#390)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/metadata/providertagprefix.md

> # Provider Tag Prefix

Reviewer: Are there scenarios where this is a set of values that providers may use as prefixes? Supporting an array gives more flexibility. We could say its a comma separated string if > 1 and keep it string.

Reviewer 2: Maybe introduce a list type attribute (JSON array)?, which would be here an array of strings.

Reviewer 3: I could definitely see having multiple tag prefixes and would like to see that accounted for.

Author: Good point, I will make a suggestion for this.

> Prefix for Provider-Defined tags in the FOCUS dataset. Useful for the consumer to identify which tags are Provider-Defined vs User-Defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Provider Tag Prefix defines the prefix used in the tag name of provider-defined [tags](#tags). This metadata is useful for the consumer to identify which tags are provider-defined vs user-defined.
```

> The ProviderTagPrefix SHOULD be provided when the provider supports tags and provides Provider-Defined tags. The ProviderTagPrefix MUST be of type String. The ProviderTagPrefix SHOULD be easily associated with the provider who generated the FOCUS dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ProviderTagPrefix SHOULD be provided when the provider supports provider-defined tags. The ProviderTagPrefix MUST be of type String. The ProviderTagPrefix SHOULD be easily associated with the provider who generated the FOCUS dataset.
```
